Welcome to course about User Experience Design Process and
in this course, I am going to simplify this
process for you
Now I have seen tons of
different User Experience Design methods
User Experience Design
terminologies that are circulating
online and when a newbie like
me or like you, when they start
learning something they get confused that
how I am going to start
my User Experience Design Process
Now I want to build an App or an eCommerce Store
where should I start my User Research
what is the information I am going to get
from it. How I am going to
form that Information into Personas
into User stories and
into different Affinity Diagrams & all that stuff
So in this course I am going to go from
Step by Step from Step 01
which is User Investigation and Research
and then we are going to go to step 02
Design and we are going to make sense
of that User Data we have collected
and we are going to form in the end
the end result with be our
Wire-frames which we will deliver to our
designers and development team
Now we are going to also make different
Business decisions that
which feature we should build or which
feature we should not build so these are all the things
we are going to cover in this course
if you are Beginner, this is a
project based course so don't
need to worry about it. We are going to build an
eCommerce store from User Research
to actually creating wire-frames for this
eCommerce store. You are going to really love it
If you have any questions regarding this
course, you can always ask me
You can post your comments or
or suggestion or if you want
something more from me. You can always ask
me, I can add into that course
So I hope you will learn a lot
along with me in this course
so let's start designing
some awesome User Experiences